---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aws_services_hosted_requested_mkt_conn Data Source - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

---

# aws_services_hosted_requested_mkt_conn (Data Source)


## Data Example

```terraform
blank
```

## Schema

### Read-Only

- `aws_hosted_service_requests` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_hosted_service_requests))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--aws_hosted_service_requests"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_hosted_service_requests`

Read-Only:

- `allow_untagged_z` (Boolean) If true, the accepting customer can choose to make this VC untagged. This will only be False if there is only one logical interface on the requesting customer's port and that single logical interface is untagged.
- `bandwidth` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--aws_hosted_service_requests--bandwidth))
- `from_customer` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--aws_hosted_service_requests--from_customer))
- `request_type` (String) The type of service being requested.
      Enum: ["internet_exchange" "legacy_azure" "marketplace" "marketplace_cloud_aws" "marketplace_cloud_azure" "marketplace_cloud_google"]
- `status` (String) Provisioning status of the port.
      Enum: ["Requested" "Active"]
- `text` (String) General purpose text field
- `time_created` (String) Date and time of connection creation
- `time_updated` (String) Date and time connection was last updated
- `to_customer` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--aws_hosted_service_requests--to_customer))
- `vc_mode` (String) Mode of operation of the point to point virtual circuit
      Enum: ["epl" "evpl" "evpl-untagged" "mixed"]
- `vc_request_uuid` (String) UUID of the service request

<a id="nestedobjatt--aws_hosted_service_requests--bandwidth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_hosted_service_requests.bandwidth`

Read-Only:

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID of the PacketFabric contact that will be billed.
      Example: a2115890-ed02-4795-a6dd-c485bec3529c
- `longhaul_type` (String) Dedicated (no limits or additional charges), usage-based (per transfered GB) pricing model or hourly billing
      Enum: ["dedicated" "usage" "hourly"]
- `speed` (String) The desired speed of the new connection.
      Enum: ["50Mbps" "100Mbps" "200Mbps" "300Mbps" "400Mbps" "500Mbps" "1Gbps" "2Gbps" "5Gbps" "10Gbps"]
- `subscription_term` (Number) Subscription term in months. Not applicable for hourly billing.
      Enum: ["1" "12" "24" "36"]


<a id="nestedobjatt--aws_hosted_service_requests--from_customer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_hosted_service_requests.from_customer`

Read-Only:

- `contact_email` (String) Customer contact email
- `contact_first_name` (String) Customer contact first name
- `contact_last_name` (String) Customer contact last name
- `contact_phone` (String) Customer contact phone
- `customer_uuid` (String) The UUID for the customer associated with this Virtual Circuit
- `market` (String) The market that the VC will be requested in.
      Example: ATL
- `market_description` (String) The description of the AWS Marketplace Cloud connection.
      Example: My AWS Marketplace Cloud connection
- `name` (String) Customer Name


<a id="nestedobjatt--aws_hosted_service_requests--to_customer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_hosted_service_requests.to_customer`

Read-Only:

- `customer_uuid` (String) The UUID for the customer this connection belongs to
- `market` (String) The market that the VC will be requested in
- `market_description` (String) The description of the AWS Marketplace Cloud connection.
      Example: My AWS Marketplace Cloud connection
- `name` (String) Customer Name
