---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_port_device_info Data Source - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_port_device_info (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "packetfabric_port_device_info" "port_device_info_1" {
  provider        = packetfabric
  port_circuit_id = var.pf_port_circuit_id
}
output "packetfabric_port_device_info" {
  value = data.packetfabric_port_device_info.port_device_info_1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `port_circuit_id` (String) The port circuit ID.

### Read-Only

- `adjacent_router` (String) The adjcent router.
- `admin_status` (String) The current admin status.
- `auto_negotiation` (Boolean) True if auto negotiation is on.
- `device_can_lag` (Boolean) True if device can lag.
- `device_make` (String) The device make name.
- `device_name` (String) The device name.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `iface_name` (String) The interface name.
- `lag_speed` (Number) The port lag speed.
- `oper_status` (String) The current oerational status.
- `optics_diagnostics_lane_bias_current` (Number) The optics diagnostics lane bias current.
- `optics_diagnostics_lane_index` (String) The optics diagnostics lane Index.
- `optics_diagnostics_lane_rx_power` (Number) The optics diagnostics lane RX Power.
- `optics_diagnostics_lane_rx_power_dbm` (Number) The optics diagnostics lane RX Power dbm.
- `optics_diagnostics_lane_rx_status` (String) The optics diagnostics lane rx status.
- `optics_diagnostics_lane_tx_power` (Number) The optics diagnostics lane TX Power.
- `optics_diagnostics_lane_tx_power_dbm` (Number) The optics diagnostics lane TX Power dbm.
- `optics_diagnostics_lane_tx_status` (String) The optics diagnostics lane tx status.
- `polltime` (Number) The port pool time.
- `speed` (String) The port speed.
- `time_flapped` (String) The port time flapped.
- `traffic_rx_bps` (Number) The port traffic RX bps.
- `traffic_rx_bytes` (Number) The port traffic RX bytes.
- `traffic_rx_ipv6_bytes` (Number) The port traffic RX IPv6 bytes.
- `traffic_rx_ipv6_packets` (Number) The port traffic RX IPv6 packets.
- `traffic_rx_packets` (Number) The port traffic RX packets.
- `traffic_rx_pps` (Number) The port traffic RX pps.
- `traffic_tx_bps` (Number) The port traffic TX bps.
- `traffic_tx_bytes` (Number) The port traffic TX bytes.
- `traffic_tx_ipv6_bytes` (Number) The port traffic TX IPv6 bytes.
- `traffic_tx_ipv6_packets` (Number) The port traffic TX IPv6 packets.
- `traffic_tx_packets` (Number) The port traffic TX bytes.
- `traffic_tx_pps` (Number) The port traffic TX pps.
- `wiring_media` (String) The port wiring media.
- `wiring_module` (String) The port wiring module.
- `wiring_panel` (String) The port wiring panel.
- `wiring_position` (String) The port wiring position.
- `wiring_reach` (String) The port wiring reach.
- `wiring_type` (String) The port wiring type.

