---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_cs_ibm_hosted_connection Data Source - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_cs_ibm_hosted_connection (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "packetfabric_cs_ibm_hosted_connection" "ibm_hosted_conn_1" {
  provider         = packetfabric
  cloud_circuit_id = "PF-AP-LAX1-1002"
}
output "packetfabric_cs_ibm_hosted_connection" {
  value = data.packetfabric_cs_ibm_hosted_connection.ibm_hosted_conn_1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cloud_circuit_id` (String) The unique PF circuit ID for this connection
		Example: PF-AP-LAX1-1002

### Optional

- `account_id` (String)
- `account_uuid` (String) The account UUID.
- `bgp_asn` (Number)
- `bgp_cer_cidr` (String)
- `bgp_ibm_cidr` (String)
- `cloud_provider` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cloud_provider))
- `cloud_provider_pop` (String) Point of Presence for the cloud provider location.
		Example: DAL1
- `customer_site_code` (String) The customer site code
- `customer_site_name` (String) The customer site name
- `customer_uuid` (String) The UUID for the customer this connection belongs to.
- `deleted` (Boolean) True if the service connection is deleted.
- `description` (String) The description of this connection.
		Example: AWS connection for Foo Corp.
- `gateway_id` (String)
- `is_awaiting_onramp` (Boolean) True if this connection is waiting on RAMP
- `is_cloud_router_connection` (Boolean) True if this is a cloud router connection
- `name` (String)
- `pop` (String) Point of Presence for the connection.
		Example: LAS1
- `port_id` (String)
- `port_type` (String) The port type for the given port.
		Enum: [ "hosted", "dedicated" ]
- `service_class` (String) The service class for the given port, either long haul or metro.
		Enum: [ "longhaul", "metro" ]
- `service_provider` (String) The service provider of the connection
		Enum: [ "aws", "azure", "packet", "google", "ibm", "salesforce", "webex" ]
- `site` (String) Site name
		Example: SwitchNAP Las Vegas 7
- `speed` (String) The desired speed of the connection.
		Enum: [ "50Mbps", "100Mbps", "200Mbps", "300Mbps", "400Mbps", "500Mbps", "1Gbps", "2Gbps", "5Gbps", "10Gbps" ]
- `state` (String) The state of the connection.
		Enum: [ "active", "deleting", "inactive", "pending", "requested" ]
- `subscription_term` (Number) The subscription term in months.
- `svlan_id_cust` (Number)
- `time_created` (String) Date and time of connection creation
- `time_updated` (String) Date and time connection was last updated
- `user_uuid` (String) The UUID for the user this connection belongs to.
- `uuid` (String) The connection UUID.
- `vlan_id_cust` (Number)
- `vlan_id_pf` (Number)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--cloud_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_provider`

Optional:

- `pop` (String) Point of Presence for the cloud provider location
		Example: LAX1
- `site` (String) Region short name
		Example: us-west-1


