---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_cloud_router_connection Data Source - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_cloud_router_connection (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "packetfabric_cloud_router_connection" "crc1" {
  provider      = packetfabric
  circuit_id    = packetfabric_cloud_router.cr1.id
  connection_id = packetfabric_cloud_router_connection_aws.crc1.id
}
output "packetfabric_cloud_router_connection_crc1" {
  value = data.packetfabric_cloud_router_connection.crc1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `circuit_id` (String) Circuit ID of the target cloud router. This starts with "PF-L3-CUST-".
- `connection_id` (String) The circuit ID of the connection associated with the BGP session. This starts with "PF-L3-CON-".

### Optional

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID of the PacketFabric contact that will be billed.
		Example: a2115890-ed02-4795-a6dd-c485bec3529c
- `cloud_circuit_id` (String) The unique PF circuit ID for this connection.
		Example: "PF-AP-LAX1-1002"
- `cloud_provider` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cloud_provider))
- `cloud_provider_connection_id` (String) The cloud provider specific connection ID, eg. the Amazon connection ID of the cloud router connection.
		Example: dxcon-fgadaaa1
- `cloud_router_asn` (Number) The asn of the cloud router this connection is associated with.
		Example: 4556
- `cloud_router_circuit_id` (String) The circuit ID of the cloud router this connection is associated with.
		Example: PF-L3-CUST-2001
- `cloud_router_name` (String) The name of the cloud router this connection is associated with.
		Example: Sample CR
- `connection_type` (String) The type of the connection.
		 Enum: cloud_hosted, cloud_dedicated, ipsec, packetfabric
- `customer_uuid` (String) The UUID for the customer this connection belongs to
- `deleted` (Boolean) Whether or not the connection has been fully deleted.
- `description` (String) The description of this connection.
- `desired_nat` (String) Indicates the user's choice of NAT type
- `dnat_capable` (Boolean) Indicates whether this connection supports DNAT
- `nat_capable` (Boolean) Indicates whether this connection supports NAT
- `pending_delete` (Boolean) Whether or not the connection is currently deleting.
- `pop` (String) Point of Presence for the cloud provider location
		Example: LAX1
- `port_circuit_id` (String) The circuit ID of the port to connect to the cloud router.
		 Exampl "PF-AE-1234"
- `port_type` (String) The port type for the given port
		 Enum: hosted, dedicated
- `service_class` (String) The service class of the connection.
		Enum: metro, longhaul
- `service_provider` (String) The service provider of the connection.
		Enum: aws, azure, packet, google, ibm, salesforce, webex
- `service_type` (String) The type of connection, this will currently always be cr_connection.
		Enum: cr_connection
- `site` (String) Region short name
		Example: us-west-1
- `speed` (String) The speed of the connection.
		Enum: 50Mbps, 100Mbps, 200Mbps, 300Mbps, 400Mbps, 500Mbps, 1Gbps, 2Gbps, 5Gbps, 10Gbps
- `state` (String) The state of the connection
		Enum: Requested, Active, Inactive, PendingDelete
- `time_created` (String) Date and time of connection creation
- `time_updated` (String) Date and time connection was last updated
- `user_uuid` (String) The UUID for the user this connection belongs to
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the connection.
- `vlan` (Number) The connection vlan for dedicated connections
- `zone` (String) The cloud router connection zone

### Read-Only

- `bgp_state_list` (Block Set) A list of bgp sessions attached to the connection and their states. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bgp_state_list))
- `cloud_settings` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cloud_settings))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--cloud_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_provider`

Optional:

- `pop` (String) Point of Presence for the cloud provider location
		Example: LAX1
- `site` (String) Region short name
		Example: us-west-1


<a id="nestedblock--bgp_state_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_state_list`

Read-Only:

- `bgp_settings_uuid` (String) The UUID of the BGP Session
- `bgp_state` (String) The status of the BGP session
		Enum: established, configuring, fetching, etc.


<a id="nestedblock--cloud_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_settings`

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String)
- `aws_account_id` (String)
- `aws_connection_id` (String)
- `aws_hosted_type` (String)
- `aws_region` (String)
- `azure_connection_type` (String)
- `azure_service_key` (String)
- `azure_service_tag` (Number)
- `bgp_asn` (Number)
- `bgp_cer_cidr` (String)
- `bgp_ibm_cidr` (String)
- `cloud_state` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_settings--cloud_state))
- `gateway_id` (String)
- `google_pairing_key` (String)
- `google_vlan_attachment_name` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `nat_public_ip` (String)
- `oracle_region` (String)
- `port_compartment_ocid` (String)
- `port_cross_connect_ocid` (String)
- `port_id` (String)
- `public_ip` (String)
- `svlan_id_cust` (Number)
- `vc_ocid` (String)
- `vlan_id_cust` (Number)
- `vlan_id_microsoft` (Number)
- `vlan_id_pf` (Number)
- `vlan_id_private` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_settings--cloud_state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_settings.cloud_state`

Read-Only:

- `aws_dx_connection_state` (String)
- `aws_dx_port_encryption_status` (String)
- `aws_vif_state` (String)
- `bgp_state` (String)
- `google_interconnect_admin_enabled` (Boolean)
- `google_interconnect_state` (String)



