---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_cloud_router_bgp_session Data Source - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_cloud_router_bgp_session (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "packetfabric_cloud_router_bgp_session" "bgp_session_crbs" {
  provider      = packetfabric
  circuit_id    = packetfabric_cloud_router.cr.id
  connection_id = packetfabric_cloud_router_connection_ipsec.crc_1.id
}
output "packetfabric_cloud_router_bgp_session_crbs" {
  value = data.packetfabric_cloud_router_bgp_session.bgp_session_crbs
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `circuit_id` (String) Circuit ID of the target cloud router. This starts with "PF-L3-CUST-".
- `connection_id` (String) The circuit ID of the connection associated with the BGP session. This starts with "PF-L3-CON-".

### Optional

- `bgp_sessions` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bgp_sessions))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--bgp_sessions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_sessions`

Optional:

- `address_family` (String) Whether this instance is IPv4 or IPv6.
		Enum: "v4" "v6"
- `as_prepend` (Number) The BGP prepend value for this instance. Deprecated.
- `bfd_interval` (Number) Minimum interval, in microseconds, for transmitting BFD Control packets.
		Available range is 3 through 30000.
- `bfd_multiplier` (Number) The number of BFD Control packets not received by a neighbor that causes the session to be declared down.
		Available range is 2 through 16.
- `bgp_settings_uuid` (String) The UUID of the instance.
		Example: 3d78949f-1396-4163-b0ca-3eba3592abcd
- `bgp_state` (String) The status of the BGP session
		Enum: established, configuring, fetching, etc.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether this BGP session is disabled.
		Default "false"
- `l3_address` (String) The L3 address of this instance.
- `local_preference` (Number) The preference for this instance. Deprecated.
- `med` (Number) The Multi-Exit Discriminator of this instance. Deprecated.
- `multihop_ttl` (Number) The TTL of this session.
		Defaults to 1.
- `nat` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bgp_sessions--nat))
- `orlonger` (Boolean) Whether to use exact match or longer for all prefixes.
- `prefixes` (Block Set) A list of prefixes attached to the bgp session. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bgp_sessions--prefixes))
- `remote_address` (String) The cloud-side address of the instance.
- `remote_asn` (Number) The cloud-side ASN of the instance.
- `time_created` (String) Time the instance was created.
- `time_updated` (String) Time the instance was last updated.

<a id="nestedblock--bgp_sessions--nat"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_sessions.nat`

Optional:

- `direction` (String) The direction of the NAT connection. Output is the default.
		Enum: output, input
- `nat_type` (String) The NAT type of the NAT connection. 
		Enum: overload, inline_dnat
- `pool_prefixes` (List of String) The source IP address + mask of the NAT pool prefix.
- `pre_nat_sources` (List of String) The source IP address + mask of the host before NAT translation.

Read-Only:

- `dnat_mappings` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bgp_sessions--nat--dnat_mappings))

<a id="nestedblock--bgp_sessions--nat--dnat_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_sessions.nat.dnat_mappings`

Read-Only:

- `conditional_prefix` (String) The conditional prefix prefix of this DNAT mapping.
- `private_prefix` (String) The private prefix of this DNAT mapping.
- `public_prefix` (String) The public prefix of this DNAT mapping.



<a id="nestedblock--bgp_sessions--prefixes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_sessions.prefixes`

Optional:

- `as_prepend` (Number) The BGP prepend value of the bgp prefix. It is used when type = out.
- `bgp_prefix_uuid` (String) TThe UUID of the bgp prefix.
- `local_preference` (Number) The local_preference of the bgp prefix. It is used when type = in.
- `match_type` (String) The prefix match type.
- `med` (Number) The med of the bgp prefix. It is used when type = out.
- `order` (Number, Deprecated) The order of the bgp prefix against the others.
- `prefix` (String) The actual IP Prefix of the bgp prefix.
- `type` (String) Indicates whether the prefix is in or out.



