---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_backbone_virtual_circuit_marketplace Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_backbone_virtual_circuit_marketplace (Resource)

Request a connection from one of your access ports to a PacketFabric marketplace provider. For more information, see [Marketplace and IX in the PacketFabric documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/eco/).

The connection will not be fully provisioned until the marketplace provider accepts the connection.

Once your request has been approved, [import the resource](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/PacketFabric/packetfabric/latest/docs/guides/importing) as [`packetfabric_backbone_virtual_circuit`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/PacketFabric/packetfabric/latest/docs/resources/packetfabric_backbone_virtual_circuit) into Terraform.

For information on automating marketplace flows, refer to the [examples/use-case](https://github.com/PacketFabric/terraform-provider-packetfabric/tree/main/examples/use-cases/marketplace).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "packetfabric_port" "port_1" {
  provider          = packetfabric
  autoneg           = true
  description       = "hello world"
  media             = "LX"
  nni               = false
  pop               = "SEA2"
  speed             = "1Gbps"
  subscription_term = 1
  zone              = "A"
}

resource "packetfabric_backbone_virtual_circuit_marketplace" "vc_marketplace_conn1" {
  provider    = packetfabric
  description = "hello world"
  routing_id  = "PD-WUY-9VB0"
  market      = "HOU"
  interface {
    port_circuit_id = packetfabric_port.port_1.id
    untagged        = false
    vlan            = 100
  }
  bandwidth {
    longhaul_type     = "dedicated"
    speed             = "1Gbps"
    subscription_term = 1
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bandwidth` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bandwidth))
- `interface` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interface))
- `market` (String) The market code (e.g. "ATL" or "DAL") in which you would like the marketplace provider to provision their side of the connection.

	If the marketplace provider has services published in the marketplace, you can use the PacketFabric portal to see which POPs they are in. Simply remove the number from the POP to get the market code (e.g. if they offer services in "DAL5", enter "DAL" for the market).
- `routing_id` (String) The routing ID of the marketplace provider that will be receiving this request.

	Example: TR-1RI-OQ85

### Optional

- `description` (String) A brief description of this connection.
- `flex_bandwidth_id` (String) ID of the flex bandwidth container from which to subtract this VC's speed.
- `rate_limit_in` (Number) The upper bound, in Mbps, to limit incoming data by.
- `rate_limit_out` (Number) The upper bound, in Mbps, to limit outgoing data by.
- `service_uuid` (String) UUID of the marketplace service being requested.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--bandwidth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bandwidth`

Required:

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID for the billing account that should be billed. Can also be set with the PF_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.

Optional:

- `longhaul_type` (String) Dedicated (no limits or additional charges), usage-based (per transferred GB) or hourly billing. Not applicable for Metro Dedicated.

	Enum ["dedicated" "usage" "hourly"]
- `speed` (String) The desired speed of the new connection. Only applicable if `longhaul_type` is "dedicated" or "hourly".

	Enum: ["50Mbps" "100Mbps" "200Mbps" "300Mbps" "400Mbps" "500Mbps" "1Gbps" "2Gbps" "5Gbps" "10Gbps" "20Gbps" "30Gbps" "40Gbps" "50Gbps" "60Gbps" "80Gbps" "100Gbps"]
- `subscription_term` (Number) The billing term in months. Only applicable if `longhaul_type` is "dedicated."

	Enum: ["1", "12", "24", "36"]


<a id="nestedblock--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface`

Required:

- `port_circuit_id` (String) The circuit ID for the port. This starts with "PF-AP-"
- `untagged` (Boolean) Whether the interface should be untagged.
- `vlan` (Number) Valid VLAN range is from 4-4094, inclusive.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)


