---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_cs_azure_hosted_marketplace_connection Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_cs_azure_hosted_marketplace_connection (Resource)

Connect a marketplace provider to your Microsoft Azure cloud environment. For more information, see [Cloud Connections in the PacketFabric documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/cloud/) and [Marketplace to Cloud Connections](https://docs.packetfabric.com/eco/marketplace_cloud/).

Once your request has been approved, [import the resource](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/PacketFabric/packetfabric/latest/docs/guides/importing) as [`packetfabric_cs_azure_hosted_connection`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/PacketFabric/packetfabric/latest/docs/resources/packetfabric_cs_azure_hosted_connection) into Terraform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "packetfabric_cs_azure_hosted_marketplace_connection" "cs_conn1_marketplace_azure" {
  provider          = packetfabric
  description       = "hello world"
  azure_service_key = var.azure_service_key
  routing_id        = "PD-WUY-9VB0"
  market            = "HOU"
  speed             = "10Gbps" # will be deprecated
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID for the billing account that should be billed. Can also be set with the PF_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.
- `azure_service_key` (String) The Service Key provided by Microsoft Azure when you created your ExpressRoute circuit.
- `description` (String) A brief description of this connection.
- `market` (String) The market code (e.g. "ATL" or "DAL") in which you would like the marketplace provider to provision their side of the connection.

	If the marketplace provider has services published in the marketplace, you can use the PacketFabric portal to see which POPs they are in. Simply remove the number from the POP to get the market code (e.g. if they offer services in "DAL5", enter "DAL" for the market).
- `routing_id` (String) The routing ID of the marketplace provider that will be receiving this request.

	Example: TR-1RI-OQ85
- `speed` (String) The speed of the new connection.

	Enum: ["50Mbps", "100Mbps", "200Mbps", "300Mbps", "400Mbps", "500Mbps", "1Gbps", "2Gbps", "5Gbps", "10Gbps"]

### Optional

- `service_uuid` (String) UUID of the marketplace service being requested.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)


