---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_cloud_router_connection_oracle Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_cloud_router_connection_oracle (Resource)

A connection from your cloud router to your Oracle environment. For more information, see [Cloud Router in the PacketFabric documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/cr/).

For examples on how to use a cloud's Terraform provider alongside PacketFabric, see [examples/use-cases](https://github.com/PacketFabric/terraform-provider-packetfabric/tree/main/examples/use-cases).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "packetfabric_cloud_router" "cr1" {
  provider = packetfabric
  asn      = 4556
  name     = "hello world"
  capacity = "10Gbps"
  regions  = ["US", "UK"]
  labels   = ["terraform", "dev"]
}

resource "packetfabric_cloud_router_connection_oracle" "crc6" {
  provider    = packetfabric
  description = "hello world"
  circuit_id  = packetfabric_cloud_router.cr1.id
  region      = "us-ashburn-1"
  vc_ocid     = var.pf_crc_oracle_vc_ocid
  pop         = "SFO1"
  zone        = "A"
  maybe_nat   = false
  labels      = ["terraform", "dev"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID for the billing account that should be billed. Can also be set with the PF_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.
- `circuit_id` (String) Circuit ID of the target cloud router. This starts with "PF-L3-CUST-".
- `description` (String) A brief description of this connection.
- `pop` (String) The POP in which you want to provision the connection.
- `region` (String) The region in which you created the FastConnect virtual circuit.
- `vc_ocid` (String) OCID of the FastConnect virtual circuit that you created from the Oracle side.

### Optional

- `labels` (List of String) Label value linked to an object.
- `maybe_dnat` (Boolean) Set this to true if you intend to use DNAT on this connection. Defaults: false
- `maybe_nat` (Boolean) Set this to true if you intend to use NAT on this connection. Defaults: false
- `po_number` (String) Purchase order number or identifier of a service.
- `published_quote_line_uuid` (String) UUID of the published quote line with which this connection should be associated.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The desired availability zone of the new connection.

### Read-Only

- `etl` (Number) Early Termination Liability (ETL) fees apply when terminating a service before its term ends. ETL is prorated to the remaining contract days.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)




## Import

Import a Cloud Router Connection using its corresponding circuit ID and the ID of the Cloud Router it is associated with, in the format `<cloud router ID>:<cloud router connection ID>`.

```bash
terraform import packetfabric_cloud_router_connection_oracle.crc PF-L3-CUST-1700239:PF-L3-CON-2980512
```