---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_streaming_events Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_streaming_events (Resource)

!> **Warning:** This is a beta feature. Cloud router connections are not supported yet.

This is the first step to receive a real-time event stream via Server-sent Events.

In this resource, you declare which types of events and categories of those event types you wish to stream. 
Assuming your request is valid, the response will contain a `subscription_uuid` that you will use as a path parameter for 
the [`packetfabric_streaming_events (Data Source)`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/PacketFabric/packetfabric/latest/docs/data-sources/packetfabric_streaming_events).

Each subscription bundle is permanently associated with the session that created it and can only be streamed within that session. 
Further, you must begin streaming your new subscription bundle within 5 minutes of creation or it will expire. 
However, once you begin streaming a particular bundle it will be valid until the session associated with it expires.

For more information, see [Streaming Events in the PacketFabric documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/ts/stream/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "packetfabric_streaming_events" "example" {
  provider = packetfabric
  streams {
    type   = "customer"
    events = ["auth", "physical_interface"]
  }

  streams {
    type   = "port"
    ifds   = ["PF-AP-ABC-1234", "PF-AE-DEF-5678"]
    events = ["errors", "etherstats", "metrics", "optical"]
  }

  streams {
    type   = "vc"
    vcs    = ["PF-BC-ABC-QRS-84274-PF&PF-AP-ABC-1234", "PF-CC-JKL-DEF-13758-PF&PF-AE-DEF-5678"]
    events = ["metrics"]
  }
}

data "packetfabric_streaming_events" "example" {
  provider        = packetfabric
  subscription_id = packetfabric_streaming_events.example.id
  stream_time     = 1 # min
}
output "packetfabric_streaming_events_result" {
  value = data.packetfabric_streaming_events.example.events
}
resource "local_file" "packetfabric_streaming_events_output" {
  content  = jsonencode(data.packetfabric_streaming_events.example.events)
  filename = "packetfabric_streaming_events_output.json"
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `streams` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--streams))

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) ID for created bundle of event streams

<a id="nestedblock--streams"></a>
### Nested Schema for `streams`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of events to subscribe to.

	Enum: ["customer" "port" "vc"]

Optional:

- `events` (List of String) Categories of events to subscribe to based on the type. If not specified, then all event categories are assumed.

	Enum: 	For "customer": [ "auth", "bgp", "cloud_connection", "cloud_router", "document", "lag_interface", "logical_interface", "physical_interface", "outbound_cross_connect", "point_to_point", "rate_limit", "user", "virtual_circuit" ]
	For "port": [ "errors", "etherstats", "metrics", "optical" ]
	For "vc": [ "metrics" ]
- `ifds` (List of String) Specific ports you wish to subscribe to, identified by port circuit IDs. If none are supplied, then all ports to which the customer has access are assumed.
- `vcs` (List of String) Specific logical interfaces you wish to subscribe to, each identified by a combination of the virtual circuit ID and port circuit ID associated with the logical interface. If none are supplied, then all logical interfaces to which the customer has access are assumed.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `read` (String)


