---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_cs_aws_hosted_marketplace_connection Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_cs_aws_hosted_marketplace_connection (Resource)

Connect a marketplace provider to your AWS cloud environment. For more information, see [Cloud Connections in the PacketFabric documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/cloud/) and [Marketplace to Cloud Connections](https://docs.packetfabric.com/eco/marketplace_cloud/).

Once your request has been approved, [import the resource](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/PacketFabric/packetfabric/latest/docs/guides/importing) as [`packetfabric_cs_aws_hosted_connection`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/PacketFabric/packetfabric/latest/docs/resources/packetfabric_cs_aws_hosted_connection) into Terraform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "packetfabric_cs_aws_hosted_marketplace_connection" "cs_conn1_marketplace_aws" {
  provider    = packetfabric
  description = "hello world"
  routing_id  = "PD-WUY-9VB0"
  market      = "HOU"
  speed       = "10Gbps"
  pop         = "BOS1"
  zone        = "A"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID for the billing account that should be billed. Can also be set with the PF_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.
- `aws_account_id` (String) The AWS account ID to connect with. Must be 12 characters long. Can also be set with the PF_AWS_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.
- `description` (String) A brief description of this connection.
- `market` (String) The market code (e.g. "ATL" or "DAL") in which you would like the marketplace provider to provision their side of the connection.

	If the marketplace provider has services published in the marketplace, you can use the PacketFabric portal to see which POPs they are in. Simply remove the number from the POP to get the market code (e.g. if they offer services in "DAL5", enter "DAL" for the market).
- `pop` (String) The POP in which the hosted connection should be provisioned (the cloud on-ramp).
- `routing_id` (String) The routing ID of the marketplace provider that will be receiving this request.

	Example: TR-1RI-OQ85
- `speed` (String) The speed of the new connection.

	Enum: ["50Mbps", "100Mbps", "200Mbps", "300Mbps", "400Mbps", "500Mbps", "1Gbps", "2Gbps", "5Gbps", "10Gbps"]
- `zone` (String) The desired availability zone of the connection.

	Example: "A"

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)




## Provisioning lead time

Please check availability at your chosen location before provisioning. 

If there are no hosted cloud connections available at the chosen location, provisioning can take up to two weeks.
