---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_cs_aws_hosted_connection Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_cs_aws_hosted_connection (Resource)

A hosted cloud connection to your AWS environment. For more information, see [Cloud Connections in the PacketFabric documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/cloud/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "packetfabric_cs_aws_hosted_connection" "cs_conn1_hosted_aws" {
  provider       = packetfabric
  description    = var.pf_description
  port           = var.pf_port
  speed          = var.pf_cs_speed
  pop            = var.pf_cs_pop
  vlan           = var.pf_cs_vlan
  zone           = var.pf_cs_zone
}

output "packetfabric_cs_aws_hosted_connection" {
  value = packetfabric_cs_aws_hosted_connection.cs_conn1_hosted_aws
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID for the billing account that should be billed. Can also be set with the PF_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.
- `aws_account_id` (String) The AWS account ID to connect with. Must be 12 characters long.
Can also be set with the PF_AWS_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.
- `description` (String) A brief description of this connection.
- `pop` (String) The POP in which the hosted connection should be provisioned (the cloud on-ramp).
- `port` (String) The circuit ID of the PacketFabric port you want to connect to AWS. This starts with "PF-AP-".
- `speed` (String) The speed of the new connection.

	Available: 50Mbps 100Mbps 200Mbps 300Mbps 400Mbps 500Mbps 1Gbps 2Gbps 5Gbps 10Gbps
- `vlan` (Number) Valid VLAN range is from 4-4094, inclusive.

### Optional

- `src_svlan` (Number) Valid S-VLAN range is from 4-4094, inclusive.
- `zone` (String) The desired zone of the new connection.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.




## Import

Import an AWS hosted connection using its circuit ID.

```bash
terraform import packetfabric_cs_aws_hosted_connection.cs_conn1_hosted_aws PF-CC-WDC-NYC-1726496-PF
```

## Provisioning lead time

Please check availability at your chosen location before provisioning. 
If there are no hosted cloud connections available at the chosen location, provisioning can take up to two weeks.
