---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_cloud_router Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_cloud_router (Resource)

The PacketFabric Cloud Router enables multi-cloud connectivity between cloud service providers. For example, it can help you exchange data between your AWS environment and your Google Cloud environment.

For more information, see the [PacketFabric Cloud Router documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/cr/overview/).


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "packetfabric_cloud_router" "cr1" {
  provider = packetfabric
  asn      = var.pf_cr_asn
  name     = var.pf_cr_name
  capacity = var.pf_cr_capacity
  regions  = var.pf_cr_regions
}

output "packetfabric_cloud_router" {
  value = packetfabric_cloud_router.cr1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID for the billing account that should be billed. Can also be set with the PF_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.
- `capacity` (String) The cloud router capacity.

	Enum: "100Mbps" "500Mbps" "1Gbps" "2Gbps" "5Gbps" "10Gbps" "20Gbps" "30Gbps" "40Gbps" "50Gbps" "60Gbps" "80Gbps" "100Gbps" ">100Gbps"
- `name` (String) Cloud router name.
- `regions` (List of String) The regions in which the Cloud Router connections will be located.
		Use `["US"]` for North America and `["UK"]` for EMEA. For transatlantic, use `["US","UK"]`.

### Optional

- `asn` (Number) The ASN of the cloud router.

	This can be the PacketFabric public ASN 4556 (default) or a private ASN from 64512 - 65534. Defaults: 4556
- `labels` (List of String) Label value linked to an object.
- `po_number` (String) Purchase order number or identifier of a service.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)




## Import

Import a Cloud Router using its circuit ID.

```bash
terraform import packetfabric_cloud_router.cr PF-L3-CUST-1700239
```
