---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_cloud_router_connection_ibm Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_cloud_router_connection_ibm (Resource)

A connection from your cloud router to your IBM environment. For more information, see [Cloud Router in the PacketFabric documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/cr/).

For examples on how to use a cloud's Terraform provider alongside PacketFabric, see [examples/use-cases](https://github.com/PacketFabric/terraform-provider-packetfabric/tree/main/examples/use-cases).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "packetfabric_cloud_router" "cr1" {
  provider = packetfabric
  asn      = var.pf_cr_asn
  name     = var.pf_cr_name
  capacity = var.pf_cr_capacity
  regions  = var.pf_cr_regions
}

resource "packetfabric_cloud_router_connection_ibm" "crc5" {
  provider    = packetfabric
  description = var.pf_crc_description
  circuit_id  = packetfabric_cloud_router.cr1.id
  ibm_bgp_asn = packetfabric_cloud_router.cr1.asn
  pop         = var.pf_crc_pop
  zone        = var.pf_crc_zone
  maybe_nat   = var.pf_crc_maybe_nat
  speed       = var.pf_crc_speed
}

output "packetfabric_cloud_router_connection_ibm" {
  value = packetfabric_cloud_router_connection_ibm.crc5
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID for the billing account that should be billed. Can also be set with the PF_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.
- `circuit_id` (String) Circuit ID of the target cloud router. This starts with "PF-L3-CUST-".
- `description` (String) The description of this connection. This will appear as the connection name from the IBM side.
- `ibm_account_id` (String) Your IBM account ID. Can also be set with the PF_IBM_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.
- `ibm_bgp_asn` (Number) Enter an ASN to use with your BGP session. This should be the same ASN you used for your Cloud Router.
- `pop` (String) The POP in which you want to provision the connection (the on-ramp).
- `speed` (String) The speed of the new connection.

	Enum: ["50Mbps" "100Mbps" "200Mbps" "300Mbps" "400Mbps" "500Mbps" "1Gbps" "2Gbps" "5Gbps" "10Gbps"]

### Optional

- `ibm_bgp_cer_cidr` (String) The IP address in CIDR format for the PacketFabric-side router in the BGP session. If you do not specify an address, IBM will assign one on your behalf.
- `ibm_bgp_ibm_cidr` (String) The IP address in CIDR format for the IBM-side router in the BGP session. If you do not specify an address, IBM will assign one on your behalf. See the documentation for information on which IP ranges are allowed.
- `labels` (List of String) Label value linked to an object.
- `maybe_dnat` (Boolean) Set this to true if you intend to use DNAT on this connection. Default: false.
- `maybe_nat` (Boolean) Set this to true if you intend to use NAT on this connection. Default: false.
- `po_number` (String) Purchase order number or identifier of a service.
- `published_quote_line_uuid` (String) UUID of the published quote line with which this connection should be associated.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The desired availability zone of the connection.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)




## Import

Import a Cloud Router Connection using its corresponding circuit ID and the ID of the Cloud Router it is associated with, in the format `<cloud router ID>:<cloud router connection ID>`.

```bash
terraform import packetfabric_cloud_router_connection_ibm.crc PF-L3-CUST-1700239:PF-L3-CON-2980512
```