---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_billing_modify_order Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_billing_modify_order (Resource)

Updating billing means modifying something that affects how much you are billed monthly. This can mean changing the subscription term, billing plan, or speed. The options available to you depend on the service type and your current billing plan. 



* **Backbone virtual circuit**: (resource `packetfabric_backbone_virtual_circuit`)

    You can upgrade the speed. If you are using flex bandwidth, you can also downgrade the speed.

    If you are on an hourly or usage-based plan, you can upgrade to longhaul dedicated. 
    
    If you are already on a longhaul dedicated billing plan, you can extend or renew your subscription term. 
* **Ports**: (resource `packetfabric_port`)

    You can extend or extend the subscription term. 
* **Point-to-Point**: (resource `packetfabric_point_to_point`)

    You can extend or renew the subscription term. 
* **Hosted Cloud (AWS, Azure, Google, IBM, Oracle)**: (resources `packetfabric_cs_<aws/azure/google/oracle/ibm>_hosted_connection`)

    You can upgrade the speed.
* **Dedicated cloud (AWS, Azure, Google)**: (resource `packetfabric_cs_<aws/azure/google>_dedicated_connection`)

    You can extend or renew the subscription term. You can also change the service_class (`longhaul` or `metro`). For example, if you created the Dedicated port as a metro service, but now you want to build a virtual circuit that extends outside the metro, you will need to upgrade to `longhaul`. 
* **Cloud Router connections** (AWS without BGP configured, Google, IBM, IPsec, Port): (resource `packetfabric_cloud_router_connection_<aws/google/ibm/ipsec/port>`)

    You can upgrade speed.

    ->**Note:** If you want to change the capacity or regions for the Cloud Router, then update the `packetfabric_cloud_router` resource.

For information specific to each cloud provider, see [the PacketFabric cloud documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/cloud/general/upgrade/).

For information specific to each virtual circuit, see [the PacketFabric Virtual Circuit documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/vc/manage/upgrade/).


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "packetfabric_billing_modify_order" "upgrade_backbone_vc" {
  provider             = packetfabric
  circuit_id           = packetfabric_backbone_virtual_circuit.vc1
  billing_product_type = "longhaul_dedicated"
  subscription_term    = 1
  speed                = "1Gbps"
}
output "packetfabric_billing_modify_order_upgrade_backbone_vc" {
  value = packetfabric_billing_modify_order.upgrade_backbone_vc
}

# Upgrade Cloud Router Connection
resource "packetfabric_billing_modify_order" "upgrade_cloud_router_connection" {
  provider   = packetfabric
  circuit_id = packetfabric_cloud_router.cr1.id
  speed      = "100Mbps"
}
output "packetfabric_billing_modify_order_upgrade_crc" {
  value = packetfabric_billing_modify_order.upgrade_cloud_router_connection
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `circuit_id` (String) Circuit ID of the service to modify.

### Optional

- `billing_product_type` (String) Billing type for virtual circuits. The only option is `longhaul_dedicated`. This is applicable when upgrading an hourly or usage-based circuit.
- `capacity` (String) New capacity if modifying a flex bandwidth container.
- `service_class` (String) Only applicable to dedicated cloud connections. This can be `longhaul` or `metro`.
- `speed` (String) New speed of the connection.
- `subscription_term` (Number) The subscription term in months. Options are: 1, 12, 24, 36.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


