---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_backbone_virtual_circuit Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_backbone_virtual_circuit (Resource)

A virtual circuit between two ports in the PacketFabric network. For more information, see [the PacketFabric documentation on virtual circuits](https://docs.packetfabric.com/vc/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    packetfabric = {
      source  = "packetfabric/packetfabric"
      version = "~> 0.0.1"
    }
  }
}
provider "packetfabric" {
  host  = var.pf_api_server
  token = var.pf_api_key
}

resource "packetfabric_backbone_virtual_circuit" "new" {
  provider = packetfabric
  description = "my-backbone-vc"
  epl =  false
  interface_a {
    port_circuit_id = "PF-AP-XYZ1-1234"
    untagged = false
    vlan = 4
  }
  interface_z {
    port_circuit_id = "PF-AP-ABC1-4321"
    untagged = false
    vlan = 7    
  }
  bandwidth {
    account_uuid = var.pf_account_uuid
    speed = "1gps"
    subscription_term = "1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bandwidth` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bandwidth))
- `description` (String) A brief description of this connection.
- `epl` (Boolean) If true, the circuit will be an EPL connection rather than an EVPL. Default is false.

	EPL is an Ethernet Private Line. Typical access ports can only support one EPL connection (meaning one virtual circuit for that port). ENNI ports can support multiple EPL connections.

	EVPL is an Ethernet Virtual Private Line. A port can support multiple EVPL connections, as bandwidth allows.

	For more information on the difference between the two, see [Virtual Circuit Ethernet Features](https://docs.packetfabric.com/reference/specs/ethernet_features/).
- `interface_a` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interface_a))
- `interface_z` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interface_z))

### Optional

- `rate_limit_in` (Number) The upper bound, in Mbps, by which to limit incoming data.
- `rate_limit_out` (Number) The upper bound, in Mbps, by which to limit outgoing data.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--bandwidth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bandwidth`

Required:

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID for the billing account that should be billed.
- `speed` (String) The desired speed of the new connection. Only applicable if `longhaul_type` is "dedicated" or "hourly".

	Enum: ["50Mbps" "100Mbps" "200Mbps" "300Mbps" "400Mbps" "500Mbps" "1Gbps" "2Gbps" "5Gbps" "10Gbps" "20Gbps" "30Gbps" "40Gbps" "50Gbps" "60Gbps" "80Gbps" "100Gbps"]
- `subscription_term` (Number) The billing term, in months, for this connection. Only applicable if `longhaul_type` is "dedicated."

	Enum: ["1", "12", "24", "36"]

Optional:

- `longhaul_type` (String) Dedicated (no limits or additional charges), usage-based (per transferred GB) or hourly billing.

	Enum ["dedicated" "usage" "hourly"]


<a id="nestedblock--interface_a"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface_a`

Required:

- `port_circuit_id` (String) The circuit ID for the port. This starts with "PF-AP-"
- `untagged` (Boolean) Whether the interface should be untagged.
- `vlan` (Number) Valid VLAN range is from 4-4094, inclusive.


<a id="nestedblock--interface_z"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface_z`

Required:

- `port_circuit_id` (String) The circuit ID for the port. This starts with "PF-AP-"
- `untagged` (Boolean) Whether the interface should be untagged.
- `vlan` (Number) Valid VLAN range is from 4-4094, inclusive.


