---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_ix_virtual_circuit_marketplace Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_ix_virtual_circuit_marketplace (Resource)

Request a connection from one of your access ports to an Internet Exchange provider. For more information, see [Marketplace and IX in the PacketFabric documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/eco/).

Once your request has been approved, [import the resource](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/PacketFabric/packetfabric/latest/docs/guides/importing) as [`packetfabric_backbone_virtual_circuit`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/PacketFabric/packetfabric/latest/docs/resources/packetfabric_backbone_virtual_circuit) into Terraform. 

You can obtain the `port_circuit_id`, `vlan`, and other relevant details about the Z side interface of your Virutal Circuit by logging in to the PacketFabric portal. Use this information to populate the `interface_z` block in your Terraform configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "packetfabric_port" "port_1" {
  provider          = packetfabric
  autoneg           = true
  description       = "hello world"
  media             = "LX"
  nni               = false
  pop               = "SEA2"
  speed             = "1Gbps"
  subscription_term = 1
  zone              = "A"
  labels            = sort(["terraform", "dev"])
}

resource "packetfabric_ix_virtual_circuit_marketplace" "ix_marketplace_conn1" {
  provider    = packetfabric
  description = "hello world"
  routing_id  = "PD-WUY-9VB0"
  market      = "HOU"
  asn         = 64545
  interface {
    port_circuit_id = packetfabric_port.port_1.id
    untagged        = false
    vlan            = 100
  }
  bandwidth {
    longhaul_type     = "dedicated"
    speed             = "1Gbps"
    subscription_term = 1
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `asn` (Number) Your ASN.
- `bandwidth` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bandwidth))
- `interface` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interface))
- `market` (String) The market code (e.g. "ATL" or "DAL") in which you would like the IX provider to provision their side of the connection.
- `routing_id` (String) The routing ID of the IX provider that will be receiving this request.

	Example: TR-1RI-OQ85

### Optional

- `description` (String) A brief description of this connection.
- `flex_bandwidth_id` (String) ID of the flex bandwidth container from which to subtract this VC's speed.
- `rate_limit_in` (Number) The upper bound, in Mbps, to limit incoming data by.
- `rate_limit_out` (Number) The upper bound, in Mbps, to limit outgoing data by.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--bandwidth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bandwidth`

Required:

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID for the billing account that should be billed. Can also be set with the PF_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.

Optional:

- `longhaul_type` (String) Dedicated (no limits or additional charges), usage-based (per transferred GB) or hourly billing. Not applicable for Metro Dedicated.

	Enum ["dedicated" "usage" "hourly"]
- `speed` (String) The desired speed of the new connection. Only applicable if `longhaul_type` is "dedicated" or "hourly".

	Enum: ["50Mbps" "100Mbps" "200Mbps" "300Mbps" "400Mbps" "500Mbps" "1Gbps" "2Gbps" "5Gbps" "10Gbps" "20Gbps" "30Gbps" "40Gbps" "50Gbps" "60Gbps" "80Gbps" "100Gbps"]
- `subscription_term` (Number) The billing term, in months, for this connection. Only applicable if `longhaul_type` is "dedicated."

	Enum: ["1", "12", "24", "36"]


<a id="nestedblock--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface`

Required:

- `port_circuit_id` (String) The circuit ID for the port. This starts with "PF-AP-"
- `untagged` (Boolean) Whether the interface should be untagged.
- `vlan` (Number) Valid VLAN range is from 4-4094, inclusive.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)


