---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_point_to_point Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_point_to_point (Resource)

A point to point connection is an Ethernet Private Line between two access ports. For more information, see [Point-to-Point in the PacketFabric documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/epl/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "packetfabric_point_to_point" "ptp1" {
  provider          = packetfabric
  description       = "hello world"
  speed             = "1Gbps"
  media             = "LX"
  subscription_term = 1
  endpoints {
    pop     = "SEA3"
    zone    = "A"
    autoneg = true
  }
  endpoints {
    pop     = "NYC5"
    zone    = "A"
    autoneg = true
  }
  labels = ["terraform", "dev"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID for the billing account that should be billed. Can also be set with the PF_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.
- `description` (String) A brief description of this connection.
- `endpoints` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--endpoints))
- `media` (String) Optic media type.

	Enum: ["LX" "EX" "ZX" "LR" "ER" "ER DWDM" "ZR" "ZR DWDM" "LR4" "ER4" "CWDM4" "LR4" "ER4 Lite"]
- `speed` (String) The capacity for this connection.

	Enum: ["1Gbps" "10Gbps" "40Gbps" "100Gbps"]
- `subscription_term` (Number) Duration of the subscription in months

	Enum ["1" "12" "24" "36"]

### Optional

- `labels` (List of String) Label value linked to an object.
- `po_number` (String) Purchase order number or identifier of a service.
- `published_quote_line_uuid` (String) UUID of the published quote line with which this connection should be associated.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `ptp_uuid` (String) The point-to-point connection UUID.

<a id="nestedblock--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Required:

- `autoneg` (Boolean) Only applicable to 1Gbps ports. Controls whether auto negotiation is on (true) or off (false). The request will fail if specified with ports greater than 1Gbps.
- `pop` (String) Point of presence in which the port should be located.
- `zone` (String) Availability zone of the port.

Optional:

- `customer_site_code` (String) Unique site code of the customer's equipment.
- `loa` (String) A base64 encoded string of a PDF of a LOA.

Read-Only:

- `port_circuit_id` (String) The circuit ID for the port. This starts with "PF-AP-"


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)




## Import

Import a point to point circuit using its circuit ID.

```bash
terraform import packetfabric_point_to_point.ptp1 PF-PD-PHX-LAX-1748043-PF
```