---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_cs_oracle_hosted_connection Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_cs_oracle_hosted_connection (Resource)

 A hosted cloud connection to your Oracle cloud environment. For more information, see [Cloud Connections in the PacketFabric documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/cloud/).


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "packetfabric_cs_oracle_hosted_connection" "cs_conn1_hosted_oracle" {
  provider    = packetfabric
  description = "hello world"
  vc_ocid     = var.oracle_vc_ocid
  region      = "us-ashburn-1"
  port        = packetfabric_port.port_1.id
  pop         = "A"
  zone        = "BOS1"
  vlan        = 102
  labels      = sort(["terraform", "dev"])
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID for the billing account that should be billed. Can also be set with the PF_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.
- `description` (String) A brief description of this connection.
- `pop` (String) The POP in which the connection should be provisioned (the cloud on-ramp).
- `port` (String) The circuit ID of the PacketFabric port you wish to connect to Oracle. This starts with "PF-AP-".
- `region` (String) The region in which you created the FastConnect virtual circuit.
- `vc_ocid` (String) OCID of the FastConnect virtual circuit that you created from the Oracle side.
- `vlan` (Number) Valid VLAN range is from 4-4094, inclusive.

### Optional

- `labels` (List of String) Label value linked to an object.
- `po_number` (String) Purchase order number or identifier of a service.
- `published_quote_line_uuid` (String) UUID of the published quote line with this connection should be associated.
- `src_svlan` (Number) Valid S-VLAN range is from 4-4094, inclusive.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The desired availability zone of the connection.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)




## Import

Import an Oracle hosted connection using its circuit ID.

```bash
terraform import packetfabric_cs_oracle_hosted_connection.cs_conn1_hosted_oracle PF-CC-WDC-NYC-1726496-PF
```
