---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_cs_google_hosted_connection Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_cs_google_hosted_connection (Resource)

A hosted cloud connection to your Google Cloud environment. For more information, see [Cloud Connections in the PacketFabric documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/cloud/).

For examples on how to use a cloud's Terraform provider alongside PacketFabric, see [examples/use-cases](https://github.com/PacketFabric/terraform-provider-packetfabric/tree/main/examples/use-cases).

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example PacketFabric side provisioning only
resource "packetfabric_cs_google_hosted_connection" "cs_conn1_hosted_google" {
  provider                    = packetfabric
  description                 = "hello world"
  port                        = packetfabric_port.port_1.id
  speed                       = "10Gbps"
  google_pairing_key          = var.google_pairing_key
  google_vlan_attachment_name = var.google_vlan_attachment_name
  pop                         = "BOS1"
  vlan                        = 102
  labels                      = ["terraform", "dev"]
}

# Example PacketFabric side + Google side provisioning
resource "packetfabric_cloud_provider_credential_google" "google_creds1" {
  provider               = packetfabric
  description            = "Google Staging Environement"
  google_service_account = var.google_service_account # or use env var GOOGLE_CREDENTIALS
}

resource "packetfabric_cs_aws_hosted_connection" "cs_conn1_hosted_aws_cloud_side" {
  provider    = packetfabric
  description = "hello world"
  port        = packetfabric_port.port_1.id
  speed       = "10Gbps"
  pop         = "BOS1"
  vlan        = 102
  zone        = "A"
  cloud_settings {
    credentials_uuid                = packetfabric_cloud_provider_credential_google.google_creds1.id
    google_region                   = "us-west1"
    google_vlan_attachment_name     = "my-google-vlan-attachment-primary"
    google_cloud_router_name        = "my-google-cloud-router"
    google_vpc_name                 = "my-google-vpc"
    google_edge_availability_domain = 1 # primary
    bgp_settings {
      customer_asn = 65537
      md5          = "changeme"
    }
  }
  labels = ["terraform", "dev"]
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID for the billing account that should be billed. Can also be set with the PF_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.
- `description` (String) A brief description of this connection.
- `pop` (String) The POP in which the hosted connection should be provisioned (the cloud on-ramp).
- `port` (String) The circuit ID of the PacketFabric port you wish to connect to Google. This starts with "PF-AP-".
- `speed` (String) The speed of the new connection.

	 Available: 50Mbps 100Mbps 200Mbps 300Mbps 400Mbps 500Mbps 1Gbps 2Gbps 5Gbps 10Gbps
- `vlan` (Number) Valid VLAN range is from 4-4094, inclusive.

### Optional

- `cloud_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Provision the Cloud side of the connection with PacketFabric. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cloud_settings))
- `google_pairing_key` (String) The Google pairing key to use for this connection. This is provided when you create the VLAN attachment from the Google Cloud console. Required if not using cloud_settings.
- `google_vlan_attachment_name` (String) The name you used for your VLAN attachment in Google. Required if not using cloud_settings.
- `labels` (List of String) Label value linked to an object.
- `po_number` (String) Purchase order number or identifier of a service.
- `src_svlan` (Number) Valid S-VLAN range is from 4-4094, inclusive.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--cloud_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_settings`

Required:

- `bgp_settings` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cloud_settings--bgp_settings))
- `credentials_uuid` (String) The UUID of the credentials to be used with this connection.
- `google_cloud_router_name` (String) The Google Cloud Router Attachment name. No whitespace allowed.
- `google_region` (String) The Google region that should be used.

	Enum: Enum: ["asia-east1", "asia-east2", "asia-northeast1", "asia-northeast2", "asia-northeast3", "asia-south1", "asia-southeast1", "asia-southeast2", "australia-southeast1", "europe-north1", "europe-west1", "europe-west2", "europe-west3", "europe-west4", "europe-west6", "northamerica-northeast1", "southamerica-east1", "us-central1", "us-east1", "us-east4", "us-west1", "us-west2", "us-west3", "us-west4"]
- `google_vlan_attachment_name` (String) The Google Interconnect Attachment name. No whitespace allowed.

Optional:

- `google_edge_availability_domain` (Number) The Google Edge Availability Domain. Must be 1 or 2.

	Enum: ["1", "2"] Defaults: 1
- `google_project_id` (String) The Google Project Id to be used. If not present the project id of the credentials will be used.
- `google_vpc_name` (String) The Google VPC name. Required if a new router needs to be created.
- `mtu` (Number) Maximum Transmission Unit this port supports (size of the largest supported PDU).

	Enum: ["1500", "1440"] Defaults: 1500

<a id="nestedblock--cloud_settings--bgp_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_settings.bgp_settings`

Required:

- `customer_asn` (Number) The customer ASN of this connection.

Optional:

- `google_advertised_ip_ranges` (List of String) An array of prefixes that will be advertised. Advertise Mode set to DEFAULT if not set.
- `google_keepalive_interval` (Number) The Keepalive Interval. Must be between 20 and 60. Defaults: 20
- `md5` (String) The MD5 value of the authenticated BGP sessions.
- `remote_asn` (Number) The Google ASN of this connection. Must be 16550, between 64512 and 65534, or between 4200000000 and 4294967294.Defaults: 16550



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)




## Import

Import an Google hosted connection using its circuit ID.

```bash
terraform import packetfabric_cs_google_hosted_connection.cs_conn1_hosted_google PF-CC-WDC-NYC-1726496-PF
```

## Provisioning lead time

Please check availability at your chosen location before provisioning. 
If there are no hosted cloud connections available at the chosen location, provisioning can take up to two weeks.
