---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_cs_azure_hosted_connection Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_cs_azure_hosted_connection (Resource)

 A hosted cloud connection to your Microsoft Azure environment. For more information, see [Cloud Connections in the PacketFabric documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/cloud/).


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "packetfabric_cs_azure_hosted_connection" "cs_conn1_hosted_azure" {
  provider          = packetfabric
  description       = var.description
  account_uuid      = var.pf_account_uuid
  azure_service_key = var.azure_service_key
  port              = var.pf_port
  speed             = var.pf_cs_speed # will be deprecated
  vlan_private      = var.pf_cs_vlan_private
  vlan_microsoft    = var.pf_cs_vlan_microsoft
}

output "packetfabric_cs_azure_hosted_connection" {
  sensitive = true
  value     = packetfabric_cs_azure_hosted_connection.cs_conn1_hosted_azure
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID for the billing account that should be billed.
- `azure_service_key` (String) The Service Key provided by Microsoft Azure when you created your ExpressRoute circuit.
- `description` (String) A brief description of this connection.
- `port` (String) The circuit ID of the PacketFabric port you wish to connect to Azure. This starts with "PF-AP-".
- `speed` (String) The peed of the new connection.

	Enum: ["50Mbps" "100Mbps" "200Mbps" "300Mbps" "400Mbps" "500Mbps" "1Gbps" "2Gbps" "5Gbps" "10Gbps"]

### Optional

- `src_svlan` (Number) Valid S-VLAN range is from 4-4094, inclusive.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `vlan_microsoft` (Number) The VLAN ID you are using for Microsoft peering. This is optional and is used to connect to Office 365.

	The VLAN ID must be unique within the circuit (not used for any other peerings).

	Valid VLAN range is from 4-4094, inclusive.
- `vlan_private` (Number) The VLAN ID you are using for private peering. You will use this when you configure peering in the Azure portal.

	The VLAN ID must be unique within the circuit (not used for any other peerings).

	Valid VLAN range is from 4-4094, inclusive.

	You must provide at least one VLAN (`vlan_microsoft`, `vlan_private`, or both).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)





