---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "packetfabric_cs_azure_dedicated_connection Resource - terraform-provider-packetfabric"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# packetfabric_cs_azure_dedicated_connection (Resource)

This is a port located in a Microsoft Azure cloud on-ramp facility, which will be connected to the Azure network via cross connect. For more information, see [Cloud Connections in the PacketFabric documentation](https://docs.packetfabric.com/cloud/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "packetfabric_cs_azure_dedicated_connection" "pf_cs_conn1_dedicated_azure" {
  provider          = packetfabric
  description       = var.pf_description
  zone              = var.pf_cs_zone
  pop               = var.pf_cs_pop
  subscription_term = var.pf_cs_subterm
  service_class     = var.pf_cs_srvclass
  encapsulation     = var.encapsulation
  port_category     = var.port_category
  speed             = var.pf_cs_speed
}

output "packetfabric_cs_azure_dedicated_connection" {
  value = packetfabric_cs_azure_dedicated_connection.pf_cs_conn1_dedicated_azure
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_uuid` (String) The UUID for the billing account that should be billed. Can also be set with the PF_ACCOUNT_ID environment variable.
- `description` (String) A brief description of this connection.
- `encapsulation` (String) Specify either QinQ and Dot1Q encapsulation.

	Enum: ["dot1q" "qinq"]
- `pop` (String) The POP in which the dedicated port should be provisioned (the cloud on-ramp).
- `port_category` (String) Whether you intend to use this port for the primary or secondary connection in your ExpressRoute Direct circuit.

	Enum: ["primary" "secondary"]
- `service_class` (String) The service class for the given port, either long haul or metro. Specify metro if the cloud on-ramp (the `pop`) is in the same market as the source ports (the ports to which you will be building out virtual circuits).

	Enum: ["longhaul" "metro"]
- `speed` (String) The capacity of the dedicated cloud port.

	Enum: ["10Gbps" "100Gbps"]
- `subscription_term` (Number) The billing term, in months, for this connection.

	Enum: ["1", "12", "24", "36"]

### Optional

- `loa` (String) A base64 encoded string of a PDF for the LOA that you generated from the Azure portal
- `po_number` (String) Purchase order number or identifier of a service.
- `published_quote_line_uuid` (String) UUID of the published quote line with which this connection should be associated.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The desired zone of the new connection.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)




## Import

Import an Azure dedicated connection using its circuit ID.

```bash
terraform import packetfabric_cs_azure_dedicated_connection.cs_conn1_dedicated_azure PF-CC-WDC-NYC-1726496-PF
```